hey YouTube was had been so I told you
guys that I had a surprise for you I
want you to see someone who is here yeah
sometimes I you know what i'ma tell you
I the store me and my friend michelle
who's tricks girl 22 we are sisters from
another mister for sure and there's this
little thing that we always had this
little saying sometimes when it comes to
the babies and things like that and she
always says they're like potato chips
you just can't have one and it does
happen that way once you get the first
reborn a lot of times you want another
reborn stuff like that fun anyway um but
this one was kind of a surprise baby for
me and the reason why I say that is
because I did not expect to UM to get
this baby and she is actually going to
be fixed by me and I'm going to try my
hand at painting and kind of fixing some
things so you guys can kind of see this
is my silicone little girl her name is
kylie and i want to show you guys her
this is her she made it here yesterday
and she is a full body silicone and she
is a gorgeous baby she really is cute
she's got some things going on with her
of course she does need to be fixed and
i'm not gonna show you her girly parts i
will show you her belly it's heard a
little tummy but I when I show her
little girly stuff but that's her little
belly you know and yeah she's a
full-body silicone but she used a cute
little girl but she does need a lot of
work and a lot of TLC and I'm gonna see
if I can provide that to her I've never
painted a silicone before but I'm
definitely going to try my hand and it
to see
I do it'll be a nice little summer
project for me something so that i can
kinda try to see what i can do she does
have scenes and things like that in her
that need to be fixed um I did fix her
fingers yesterday to stop them from
parting and from tearing she had a big
tier here you see I'd used the silicone
glue to fix her there she had a tear in
her face which I had fixed that here and
she had a tear on the other side of her
mouth which I fixed she had tears in her
toes and I did fix those yesterday
because I do want to fix all the things
that are going on with her before I
began to paint her and if you look at
her she's a boo boo baby she has lots of
bubbles in her bubbles in her hands and
bubbles in her feet and so I am going to
attempt to try to fit those fix those
things before I actually paint her I see
you're totally here yeah so i'm going to
do some fixing on her before i tried to
paint her please don't ask where she
came from I won't answer that question
I'll be honest with you there you know
there's just some things that I I say in
there's things that I won't say and
that's one of them that I really don't
even want to get into those questions
but yeah that's a long story um she is a
cutie pie though and I notice she needs
some work and stuff like that but I
think that she's going to be okay with
me as I go through and try to fix her
and as I learn as I go along and stuff
like that but I'm happy to have her here
because I do want to learn a little bit
more about the artistry of the silicon
babies and things like that because if i
can get into painting silicones that'll
be a whole nother ballgame for me and it
is something I do desire to do so
am going to try my hand at it and try to
do what i can to learn so yeah so that
is about it i just wanted to show you
guys little Kylie today and show you
what she was looking like it was she had
her on the day because she has on her
little coming home outfit this little
disco outfit i actually bought from um i
bought this from citi trends and then
this little head came from miss Juanita
and so I thought it was just really
really cute how this head and this
outfit was exactly I mean what she
needed for this outfit so it's very very
cute thank you so much again miss wanna
do you know I definitely appreciate you
i will talk to you in a minute so i'll
probably be calling everybody this week
just to check up on you guys see how
you're doing for laura i love you i'm
going to call you really soon like I
said I've been counting down the sick
and when I got down and sick I really
didn't go very much because of the fact
that I was so sick and I was supposed to
go over to my mom's house but I ended up
not going over there because of the fact
that I was sick and I definitely don't
like one over there while I'm sick so I
want to give him along anything but I
will be going over there today some yeah
that's about it but I want to tell you
guys that I love you and let's get out
of here and uh yeah i'll be working on
some babies are some babies to send out
today and i'll be sending you guys
confirmation numbers for those babies
and then i'm going to come home and work
on my my other sister from another
mister is baby and then i got some
planning to do today too so that's about
it I just want to tell you guys again
that I love you um and of course i'm
always going to offer Jesus Christ to
you and say that you know if you're not
saying then you know you can always
repent of your sins and move forward you
know I mean turn away from it another
Jesus came and diving the Christ for the
remission of our sins so that we
saved and redeemed and just turn away
from sin read your Bible David as God is
waiting on you he does love us a lot
more to what we may possibly even think
or comprehend so again I want to tell
you guys again that I love you so much
and you guys take here I my hair piece
two fingers and that's little Kylie
again say bye bye Kylie yeah bye bye
kailia